	My assignment was to create a program that would extract data from either a website or a local text copy of said website. I choose to extract my data from a local text copy since it seems easier. 
	My program outputs to the console text that informs the user on what the program does and queries the user for input path of the file it needs to read. After that, it then queries the user for the district number. After that, in a try and catch tree it tries to find the file using the path and establish a connection and then makes fileReader object to read it. If that makes an nullPointer exception, the catch statement catches that and outputs to the console that the path given is not a valid path and exits the program. Assuming that the path was valid, it then initializes numerous things that will be used later, like a BufferedReader for the fileReader, an array that will hold each word in a line in the file as it work through them, a String that will hold the whole line before it is broken down, as well ints for the counts for each line, word, and character. Then, the program enters a while loop that assigns the String line to be the whole line read by the fileReader and checks to see if it is not null. If it is not null, then characters count is increased by the length of the line string, then the line count goes up by 1, then the array is assigned the separated String line based on the space delimiter, given by the regex for a space, and then the count of words is increased by the length of the array. Once the program is done with the while loop, it then makes a new PrintStream object for the output file. Then it sets the output to be the output file and prints out the name of the district, which was given before, and then it create a tab before printing out the number of lines, words, and characters. Finally, the program closes the BufferedReader for the input file before exiting out of the program as a whole.

	For the test inputs and output, when the program queries for the input path I put “data\South Carolina Legislature Online - Member Biography.txt” and “57” when it queries for the district number it outputs the following onto the output file: 
District 57
	There are 196 lines in the file.
	There are 685 words in the file.
	There are 6266 characters in the file.
