		My assignment was to create a program that would extract data from either a website or a local text copy of said website. I choose to extract my data from a local text copy since it seems easier.
	My program is operated through the console and can run numerous commands that are documented in the “test_output.txt” file. The program informs the user what it is and how to use it. It first asks for the path of the input file. Once that is put in, the program checks to see if the given path is valid in a try and catch tree by creating a file object, file reader object, and a buffered reader object in the try block along with the commands. If an exception occurs the program will state that the given path is not valid and exits the program. Assuming that the path is valid, it asks the user for a command while informing them of a command to display all commands. Using that command tells the user all the commands and informs them of subcommands and how to find them. Currently, the program supports finding the name, region, home phone number, and business phone number of a representative. I could not find out how to display all of the address for either the Columbia or home addresses. All commands are in their own try and catch trees, just in case something occurs during runtime with a valid file. The name command displays the name of the representative, the region command displays the region, the business phone number command displays the business phone number, the home phone number command displays the home phone number of the representative, there’s an exit command to exit the program, and there is a help command for the contact information command that informs the user of the subcommands of the contact information command, which due to the fact I couldn’t get the address to display it isn’t implemented.
	The program was tested with the input file being “data/SouthCarolinaLegislature-District57Biography.txt” and the result of the command are in the “test_output.txt” file.
